{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14120\viewh11560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 CHAPTER 6 \
Summary\

\b0 \
l  1159 - 1161: * I dont understand what you mean by \'93the highest measurement\'94.\
* I think, this is the first place where you say that your analysis is up to 525 GV. You have to talk about this also earlier in chapter 4.\
\
Rewrite as:\
\'93In this thesis, the time-averaged antiproton to proton flux ratio as a function of rigidity is presented for up to 525 GV using\
ten years of AMS-02 cosmic ray data providing the most accurate and up to date measurement of this kind.\'94\
\
l 1161: The \'97> This\
\
l 1163:  \
- in \'97> according to a previous \
- with \'97> based on \
- data \'97> of data\
\
l 1164: \
- secondary \'97> the secondary\
- with \'97> that uses\
\
l 1165: data \'97> of data\
\
l 1167: Except \'97> Apart from\
\
l 1168: data \'97> time bins\
\
l 1169: * Well, you do not give all the 14 rigidity bin results but you show only the results of four rigidity bins\'85\
\
l 1170: in \'97> of the\
\
l 1171: \
- rigidity going up \'97\'97> increasing rigidity\
- is \'97> becomes\
\
l 1172: \
- up \'97> for up\
* Again, keep in mind you do not show in your thesis that after 15GV the time structures go away. You have to show that in order to justify what you say here (and in Chapter 4).\
\
l 1172- 1173: is taken \'97> was collected\
\
l 1173: \
- solar \'97> the solar\
\
l 1174: In this period \'97> During this ten-year period\
\
l 1175: \
- first and going down to the \'97> first, then goes down reaching a \
- , at last gradually going up \'97> and finally it gradually rises.\
\
l 1175 - 1176: Rewrite as:\'94The importance of these observations is crucial as they can be used for the evaluation of the solar modulation models [108, 109].\'94\
\
l 1177: is \'97> derives\
\
l 1179 -1180: Rewrite part indicated in yellow as: \
-  \'93\'85\'85in the rigidity range below 3 GV. This difference gradually fades away with increasing rigidity and above 6 GV it almost disappears\'85..\'94\
\
l 1182: results \'97> effects\
\
l 1183: important \'97> an important\
\
l 1184: \
- AMS-02 \'97> The AMS-02\
- until \'97\'97> throughout\
- ISS \'97> the ISS \
- be 2030 \'97> last until 2030.\
\
l 1185: improved \'97> increased\
\
l 1186: \
- * I dont think that this phrase is necessary here. You have already said this\'85.So I suggest to remove this phrase and in its place rewrite lines 1189 - 1192 as:\
\'93Moreover, studies on the antiproton to proton flux ratio in finer than six Bartels Rotations time bins will be made possible providing important insight on possible fine time structures present.\'94\
\
l 1188: \
- effect \'97> effects\
- the \'97> a \
\
l 1193 -1194: Rewrite as:\
\'93Preparations for the successor of the AMS-02 experiment are in progress. The AMS-100 [110], a next-generation magnetic spectrometer in space is planned to be placed on the Lagrange point L2 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
of the Earth-Sun system\'a0in around 2039.\'94\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\

\b Acknowledgements\

\b0 \
l 1734 : to give \'97> for giving\
l 1735: \
- Remove \'93and also\'94\
- can always benefit \'97> have always benefited\
\
l 1736: \
- Physics \'97> physics\
- enthusiasm \'97> his enthusiasm\
- really inspire me \'97> have really inspired me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 l 1737: \
- Also,\'97> Moreover,\
- learn \'97> have learned\
- ambitions \'97> ambition\
\
l 1740: \
- Second\'97> Secondly\
- Remove \'93also\'94\
- * What is PI? Primary Investigator? You should probably write the whole words then.\
\
l 1740: would not come true. \'97> would not have come true.\
\
l 1743: shown in \'97> throughout \
\
* As you say \'93secondly\'94 for Ting, place lines 1738-1739 after thanking Ting.\
\
l 1748: make \'97> have made\
\
l 1750: \
- Rampi, Yasaman Najafi. \'97> Rampi and  Yasaman Najafi.\
- can always learn\'97> have always learned\
\
l 1751: \
- discussions \'97> the discussions\
- has already been \'97> will always be\
\
l 1753: Remove the \'93to\'94\
\
l 1755: Georg \'97> Dr. Georg\
\
l 1756: i \'97> I\
\
l 1758: \
- shift \'97> shifts\
- make \'97> made\
\
l 1760: Qin, and so many people \'97> Qin  and so many other people.\
\
l 1760 -1761: Rewrite as: \'93The discussions we had at the POCC had always made my time there delightful.\'94\
\
l 1762: The forever \'97> Their continuous \
\
l 1763: \
- The \'97> This\
- be \'97> have been\
- done \'97> possible\
\
l 1764: Remove the \'93behind\'94. \
\
\
}