{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green2\blue7;\red24\green25\blue26;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c13333;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18440\viewh13180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf0 APPENDIX 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
l 1237: * As you use more than one appendices you have to name them differently. So this one should be Appendix A, then you have Appendix B etc.\
\
l 1238: 
\f1 charge confusion \'97> the charge confusion estimator\
\
l 1239: \
-  Except for \'97> Apart from \
- 12 left \'97> remaining twelve\
\
1240: \
- in \'97> for\
- charge \'97> of the charge\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 TOF Charge\

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 l 1244: in \'97> for the\
\
l 1245: \
- upper \'97> the upper\
- lower \'97> the lower\
\
Figure 1: \
Rewrite the caption as: \
\'93Distributions for a) LowerTofCharge and b) UpperTofCharge in the rigidity bin of\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 330 to 525 GV. The points represent the observed ISS data and the histograms show the expected number of events from MC simulation for the charge correct antiprotons (magenta) and the charge confused protons (blue).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 * Add y-axis labels in all the figures of the Appendix! \
* Moreover the text size of the legends inside the figures is very small.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 * Please correct accordingly ALL the captions of the figures in the Appendix.\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Rigidity Asymmetry and Matching\

\b0 \
l 1248: \
- constructed \'97> reconstructed\
- Tracker \'97> tracker measurements.\
- With the different tracker layers, \'97\'97> Depending on the number of tracker layers used for this reconstruction,\
\
l 1250: \
- Remove the word \'93further\'94 \
- the inputs \'97> inputs\
- of training\'97> for the training:\
- Remove \'93Two variables related to this are used:\'94\
\
l 1251: the \'97> their\
\
l 1253 - 1255: \
* Replace all the instances marked in yellow of the word \'93layer\'94 with \'93layers\'94. Moreover you should better define which layers consist the upper and lower half of the inner tracker.\
- plus layer 9 \'97> plus layer 9 respectively\
\
l 1255: tracker layer \'97> tracker layer respectively.\
\

\b Tracker Fit Chi2\

\b0 \
* It is not a good practice to use these variable names in your document in the same way they are named in your code/ACsoft\'85You should have named them differently\'85For example instead of \'93Tracker Fit Chi2\'94 you could have say \'93\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chi-square of the tracker fit\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'94\'85\
\
l 1258: charge confusion \'97> the charge confusion estimator.\
\
l 1258 -1259: * It is not clear what you want to say here; please explain better this: \'93Due to the interaction, the poorer fit quality is, the more likely the event to be charge confused.\'94\
\
l 1260: \
- the fit Chi2 could be used as the input for training.   \'97\'97>  the \uc0\u967 ^2 of the fit can be used as an input for the training.\
- Chi2 \'97> the \uc0\u967 ^2\
\
l 1261 - 1264: Rewrite as: \'93are used: the \uc0\u967 ^2 of the tracker track fit for both directions X and Y (TrackerChi2X and TrackerChi2Y) and the \u967 ^2 of the inner tracker track fit for X and Y (InnerTrackerChi2X and InnerTrackerChi2Y)\'94\
\
Figure 3: \
Rewrite as: \'93Distributions for a) TrackerChi2X, b) TrackerChi2Y, c) InnerTrackerChi2X  and \
d) InnerTrackerChi2Y in the rigidity bin of 330 to 525 GV.\'94\
* Correct the rest of the caption in the same way as in Figure 1.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Tracker Charge\

\b0 \
l 1266 -1267: * Please explain better; it is again not clear what you want to say here. You mean interactions of the incoming particle with the detector material, right? The \'93lower part\'94 of what (of the tracker)? And what do you mean by \'93contaminated\'94? contaminated by what?\
\
l 1267: \
- could be \'97> is\
- variable \'97> variables\
\
l 1268: related \'97> relevant\
\
l 1270: layer \'97> layers\
\

\b Charge Asymmetry\

\b0 \
l 1273: \
- about charge confusion \'97> for the charge confusion estimator.\
- TrackerChargeAssymetry \'97\'97> The TrackerChargeAssymetry\
\
l 1274: tracker \'97> the tracker\
\
l 1276: \
- Remove the word \'93the\'94\
\
l 1276 -1277:\
- layer 5 and 8. TrackerL24Charge \'97> layers 5 and 8, TrackerL24Charge\
- layer 2 and 4. InnerTrackerCharge \'97> layers 2 and 4 and finally InnerTrackerCharge\
\
Figure 5: \
- of \'97> for the\
* And of course like all Appendix Figures correct it according to my earlier comments.\
\

\b TRDLikelihood\

\b0 \
l 1281:\
- interactions \'97> particle interactions\
- TRD \'97> TRD volume\
\
l 1282: for \'97> which result in \
\
l 1282 - 1283: for charge confusion \'97> between charge correct antiprotons and charge confused protons. \
\
Figure 6: \
- of \'97> for the\
* And of course like all Appendix Figures correct it according to my earlier comments.\
\
\
l 1284: 
\b APPENDIX
\b0  \'97>  APPENDIX B\
* I\'92m not sure if you really need to include the Acronyms. If you do, at least place them at the very end after the tables of your results.\
\
l 1286: 
\b APPENDIX
\b0  \'97> APPENDIX B (* given that you place the Acronyms after this section)\
\
l 1287: Table of Result \'97\'97> Table of Results\
\
Table 1: \
- Rewrite the caption as: \'93The time-averaged antirpoton to proton flux ratio values for each rigidity bin for 1.0 - 330 GV and 1.16 - 525 GV.\'94\
- * You have to explain more what these two different binnings are.\
\
\
l 1289:\
- detector. Np is \'85.\'97\'97> detector,  Np is \'85\
\
l 1290: \
- integer. \'97> integer, \
- antiproton \'97> value of the antiproton\
- ratio. \'97\'97> ratio, \
\
l 1292: \
- table \'97> tables\
- result \'97> results\
- is \'97> are\
- In total, the \'97\'97> These\
\
l 1293: ratios \'97> ratio\
\
l 1295: detector \'97> detector, \
\
l 1296: \
- integer. \'97> integer,\
- antiproton \'97> value of the antiproton\
- ratio. \'97> ratio,\
\
Table 2: \
- Rotation \'97> Rotations\
- numbers, antiproton \'97\'97> numbers and the antiproton\
- and the respective \'97> with its \
* Please correct accordingly all the following tables\
\
THE END :)\
\
}