{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12380\viewh15200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 CHAPTER 5 \
Results\

\b0 \
l 1068: \
- calculated \'97> measured\
- in \'97> for the 
\b \
- 
\b0 time \'97> the time\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf0 \
5.1. Time Averaged Result\

\b0 \
l 1071 - 1073: Give the references of these publications!\
\
l 1072: up to 450 GV with four years data (\'85..2015) \'97>  as a function of the rigidity for up to 450 GV, using data collected during the first four years of the experiment\'92s operation (May 2011 to May 2015).\
\
l 1073: up to 525 GV with six and half years data. \'97> for up to 525 GV using the data accumulated during the first six and a half years of operation.\
\
l 1073 - 1075: Rewrite as: \'93The current thesis has used data of the first ten years of operation up to May 2021. The AMS-02 experiment has been still in operation collecting continuously cosmic data.\'94\
\
l 1077: ranges, \'97> rigidity ranges,\
\
l 1078: range. \'97> ranges.\
* Define/give the values of the two overlaping ranges.\
\
l 1079: \
*You have to explain how you deal with the overlaping area in order to obtain the final plot. \
- range \'97> ranges\
\
l 1080: in \'97> of \
\
Figure 5.1: \
- ratios \'97> ratio \
- Remove the \'93is shown.\'94\
- overlapping \'97> two overlapping\
- total \'97> the total\
- statistical \'97> the statistical\
- systematic \'97> the systematic\
\
Figure 5.2:\
- taken \'97> collected\
- Remove the \'93in this analysis.\'94\
- Rewrite the last sentence as: \'93The error bars are the total errors calculated from the quadratic sum of the statistical and the systematic errors.\'94\
\
l 1081: \
- highest \'97\'97> high\
- shows a relatively flat trend. \'97> is relatively flat.\
\
l 1082:  \
-  as \'97> as is also the case for \
- from \'97> by the\
\
l 1083: To observe the behavior in a higher rigidity range,\'97> In order to study the ratio in even higher rigidity ranges,\
\
l 1085: \
- in \'97> of\
- in AMS-02 published result in Physics Report [107] , \'97\'97> and the one published by the AMS-02 [107]\
\
l 1086 -1089: Rewrite as: \'93In figure \cf2 5.3\cf0 , the antiproton to proton flux ratio of\
 this analysis based on six and a half years of data is shown in comparison with the AMS-02 published result in the Physics Report that is obtained for the same data period.  The result of this analysis matches well the AMS-02 published result within the error bars.\'94\
\
 Figure 5.3: \
* I dont find it nice to use for the AMS published result this legend: \'93Physics Report 2021\'94. You could use for example AMS-02 [107] or something else that contains \'93AMS\'94 inside. \
*Also its not good practice to write such details in the legends: \'93(Physics Report Time Range)\'94; such details go to the captions of the Figures and the text.\
* Moreover you do not comment about the larger discrepancies observed at low and higher rigidities. Even if the reason is not known, you should still comment on this. For example in the higher rigidity range the statistics might play a role and more data is needed for further studies\'85.  discrepancies in the lower range need more investigation bla bla\'85.\
- Physics \'97> the Physics\
- , both of the two flux ratios use six and half years of data. \'97\'97>  for the same data collection period of six and a half years.\
- The two results match with each other within the error bars. \'97\'97> Both results agree well with each other within the error bars.\
\
l 1090: \
- The total error breakdown \'97> The breakdown of the total uncertainty into its statistical and systematic components \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 - 5.4. \'97\'97> Figure 5.4\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
l 1091: \
- systematic \'97> the systematic\
- dominant \'97> higher\
- limited \'97> the limited\
\
Figure 5.4:\
- dominated \'97> dominant\
- confusion \'97> confused\
- the statistical uncertainty and systematic uncertainty make similar contributions. \'97\'97> the statistical and systematic uncertainties are similar.\
\
l 1092: \
- range, \'97> rigidity range,\
-systematic \'97> the systematic\
\
l 1093: lowest \'97> low\
* As you give here the value of the low rigidity range you should do the same for the other rigidity ranges too.\
\
l 1094: statistical \'97> the statistical\
- systematic error \'97> the systematic uncertainties\
\
l 1094 -1095: which is much improved from the previous antiproton publication with four years data collected. \'97> which is an improvement when compared to the earlier AMS-02 result where four years of data were used [reference number?].\
* You have to explain a bit and give the numbers of the uncertainties for that publication. Moreover what about the newer AMS publication that used 6,5 years of data? You have to talk about this too.\
\
\

\b 5.2. Time Dependent Result\

\b0 \
l 1098: can also be \'97> is also\
\
l 1099: in six Bartels Rotations \'97> in six Bartels Rotations time bins.\
\
l 1100: * Is there a justification for the size of the rigidity bins that you use? It would be nice to give an explanation here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 l 1101: \
- \cf0 flux ratio \'97\'97> flux ratios for four out of the 14 rigidity bins are\cf3 \
- 5.5. \'97\'97> Figure 5.5\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - solar \'97> the solar\
\
l 1102: shown. \'97> visible.\
\
Figure 5.5: \
- of \'97\'97> out of \
- Remove the word \'93errors\'94\
- * Why dont you show the ratio for all of the 14 rigidity bins? \
\
l 1103: \
- the rigidity going up \'97> increasing rigidity\
- is \'97> becomes\
\
l 1104: \
- in this figure \'97> in figure 5.5\
- * Fix the gap between \'93factor\'94 and \'932\'94.\
\
l 1105: \
- maximum, \'97\'97> maximum values,\
- around \'97> by around\
\
l 1106: *Rewrite according to Hennings comment. \
* Moreover, you have to show what\'92s happening in these higher rigidity bins justifying what you say here. As I asked you earlier, why dont you show all the bins?\
\
l 1107 -1108: * Can these general observations be explained in any way? \
\
l 1109: \
- Apart from the long-time trend \'97\'97> Apart from the general trends observed over long periods of time\
- are \'97> are also\
- around \'97\'97> those around 
\fs20 \

\fs36 * Explain in which ridity bin is what you describe here so that anybody can identify easier the fine structure you\'92re talking about.\
\
l 1110: \
- the ratio fell \'97\'97> where the ratio fell\
- Those \'97> These\
- detail \'97> more detail\
\
l 1111: fine \'97> finer\
\
l 1112: an example \'97> the \
\
l 1113: \
- \cf2 5.6\cf0 . \'97> Figure \cf2 5.6\cf0 . (* PLEASE fix all the instances of this mistake)\
- in six Bartels Rotations, \'97\'97> in the six Bartels Rotations time bins,\
\
l 1114:   time-dependent \'97> the time-dependent\
\
Figure 5.6: \
- a \'97> its\
- systematical part in \'97> systematic parts as a function of time for the rigidity bin of \
- * Explain what type of uncertainties are these? Absolute or relative?\
- * Fix accordingly the caption and the y-axis label (you forgot also the times symbol (x 10^-4))\
- * You have to comment why the uncertainties are not stable over time\
\
L 1115 - 1116 and Figure 5.7: \
* What do you mean in the y-axis by \'93percentage\'94? If you show percentage use the symbol \'94%\'94, but here you show e.g 0.6  but in the text you talk about 60% (!!!??). So it\'92s not clear what you show in this figure. Moreover I do not understand what is the difference of this stat uncertainty (red points)  and the one shown in Figure 5.6 (red points). You have again to explain what uncertainties you show in each case. Until then I can not correct these lines and the Figure caption as I do not understand what is shown.\
\
l 1117: * Explain why 23 ratios? You have to explain/remind the reader that based on the Bartels rotation definition, there are 23x6 such rotations between May 2011 and May 2021 but you use time bins of a width equal to 23 Bartels rotations\'85\
\
Figure 5.8:\
- time-averaged \'97\'97> The time-averaged \
- ratio \'97\'97> ratio as a function of the rigidity\
- 23 \'97> the 23\
- in six Bartels rotations \'97\'97> calculated in six Bartels rotations time bins\
- changed \'97> distributed\
- result \'97\'97> result in each rigidity bin.\
- Fix the y-axis label (x10^-5)\
\
l 1121: dependent \'97> time-dependent\
\
l 1122 - 1124: * \'93Merging\'94? Do you mean averaging? \
\
1 1122: the merging \'85..constructed \'97\'97> the 23 time-dependent antiproton and proton numbers in each rigidity bin are averaged respectively. Then the averaged over time antiproton to proton flux ratio is constructed.\
* Explain how you average them (weighted mean? these 23 points do not have the same uncertainties). But I do not see any error bars on the green points in Figure 5.9. For the comparison, you have to take into account also the errors of the values you compare.\
\
l 1125 - 1128: * You have to justify with numbers the comparison. Using only words \'93match well\'94 and \'93deviates a little\'94 is not enough. You could show for example underneath the existing plot in Figure 5.9 the ratio A/B plot for each bin.\
\
l 1127: \
- match \'97> agrees\
- bins  \'97\'97> rigidity bins\
\
Figure 5.9: * Fix the yellow words based on my earlier comments.\
- Fix the y-axis label (x10^-5)\
\
l 1129: variation \'97> modulation\
\
l 1132: \
- Remove the comma before the word \'93and\'94\
- previous \'97\'97> a previous\
\
l 1133: Remove the \'93in\'94\
\
l 1134: antiproton \'97> the antiproton\
\
l 1136: Remove the \'93the electron and positron fluxes\'94\
\
l 1137: ratio, at last, \'97\'97> ratio and finally \
\
l 1139: \
- negative charge \'97> negatively charged\
- positive charge \'97> positively charged\
- electron \'97> the electron\
\
l 1140: \
- data \'97> of data\
- electron \'97> the electron\
\
Figure 10: \
- *It is not nice to present one figure spanning over two pages. Either make the sub-figures smaller or break the figure in two.\
- * You have to explain the scaling of the electron/positron flux that is shown in each Figure in red. Say for example that this flux is scaled by the amount indicated in red in order to make the comparison easier.\
- antiproton \'97> the antiproton\
- electron \'97> the electron\
- in four \'97> over time in four\
- Remove the fullstop after the a), b) etc\
- d). \'97\'97> and d)\
- statistical errors and systematic errors.\'97> the statistical and systematic errors.\
- *Do not use a blue circle around the red points.\
\
l 1142: electron \'97> the electron\
\
l 1143: \
- the \'97> that the\
- rigidity going up \'97\'97> increasing rigidity\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 - * Explain why this observation is expected.\
\
l 1145: the \'97> that the\
\
l 1146 -1148: *This is not true; the e-/e+ doesnt seem to go up initially\'85Conserning the delay you\'92re talking about maybe you should say that the electron to positron flux ratio reaches a minimum value earlier than the antiproton to proton ratio does.\
\
l 1149: \
- gradually gone with the rigidity going up, \'97> gradually disappears as the rigidity increases\
- become \'97> becomes\
\
l 1150: rigidity \'97\'97> rigidity ranges \
\
l 1151: solar \'97> the solar\
* You have to explain briefly what are the LIS.\
\
l 1152  - 1153: Rewrite as: \'93The LIS for the antiproton are different than the ones for the positron [108].\'94\
\
l 1153:\
 - antiproton \'97> the antiproton\
- electron \'97\'97> the electron\
\
l 1154: \
- Antiproton and proton \'97\'97> The antiproton and the proton\
-  electron and positron \'97> the electron and the positron.\
\
l 1155 -1156: \
- This difference has much impact in the lower rigidity range. So\'85..low rigidity range. \'97\'97> This mass difference has a higher impact in the low rigidity range resulting in differences between the flux ratio of the antiproton to proton and the one of the electron to positron.\
*Explain why this mass difference has higher impact in the low rigidity range.\
* Think that instead of writing the whole words \'93antiproton to proton\'94 you could use the symbols \'93p_bar/p\'94. The same for e-/e+.\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
}