{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10780\viewh12860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf0 l 1043 \cf2 	
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4.10. Systematic Uncertainty
\b0   \'97\'97> \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4.10. Systematic Uncertainties
\b0 \
\
l 1044: \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 systematic uncertainty is discussed \'97> the systematic uncertainties are discussed.\
\
l 1044 - 1046: Rewrite as: \'93Due to the different template fit methods used in the three different rigidity ranges (low, intermediate, high), the systematic uncertainties are discussed separately for each rigidity range.\'94\
\
l 1047: in \'97> according to\
\
l 1048 -1049: Rewrite as:\'94These components consist the sources of the systematic uncertainties on the flux ratio.\'94\
\
l 1050: effective \'97> the effective\
\
l 1051:\
-  is canceled out \'97> cancels out\
- , so it is completely decided by the MC simulation. \'97> , this systematic uncertainty is determined completely by the MC simulation.\
\
l 1052 - 1053: * It is not very clear what you mean here. Try to write it maybe as: \
\'94As the interaction cross sections of proton and antiproton are different, their effective acceptances differ too.\'94\
* You should better give also a reference here about this effect of the different scattering cross sections.\
\
l 1053: MCs \'97> MC simulation samples\
\
l 1054: of the interaction cross sections \'97\'97>  of the effective acceptances.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 l 1055: \
- MCs \'97> MC samples\
- * Explain why they are varied by +/- 10%. Moreover you have to explain more about these MC samples that you produced. Are they Toy MCs? What is the energy range, etc?\
- Remove the word \'93change\'94.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
l 1055 -1056: * This phrase is not clear at all and it is not enough \'93This transfers to systematic uncertainty from effective acceptance.\'94. Explain better what exactly you do. You vary the cross sections up and down. Then how do you define exactly the systematic uncertainty? Which difference do you consider? Just explain briefly the procedure.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 l 1057: error \'97> uncertainty as a function of the rigidity \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fig 4.28: * What is it shown here? Is this relative uncertainty (of what?)? The y-axis should be corrected accordingly. Remove from the axis label the \'93(From Acceptance)\'94; such details should be mentioned in the caption and not here. And use \'93uncertainty\'94 in your plots and not \'93error\'94. Moreover such plots are usually shown as histograms and not like that.\
* And finally fix accordingly the caption of the Figure to include more explanations about what you show.\
\
l 1058: \
- event number \'97> number of events.\
- different \'97\'97> the different\
\
l 1059: \
- signal number \'97\'97> number of signal events\
- with diverse backgrounds and different template fit methods. \'97\'97> by different template fit methods given the different kinds of background relevant to each range.\
\
l 1060:\
-  it \'97\'97> the systematic uncertainty on the number of events\
- individually in different rigidity ranges.\'97> separately  for each rigidity range.\
\
l 1062: * You may use here a reference/parenthesis to the relevant section where you first explained this.\
\
l 1061 and 1062: * Fix the \'93TOFBeta\'94 and \'93TRDLikelihood\'94 based on earlier comments.\
\
l 1065: \
- * This \'93
\f2 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
342 times
\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'94 seems very random; explain more why so many times? \
- 40% \'97> from 40%\
- * What do you mean by \'93For the first five points\'94?? Are you talking about rigidity bins?\
\
l 1066: \
- the low \'97> low\
- result \'97> results\
\
l 1068: systematic \'97> the systematic\
\
l 1069: \
- the \'97> that the\
- intermediate rigidity \'97> this range\
- 1D \'97-> an 1D\
\
l 1070: TRDLikelihood. \'97> the TRD Likelihood.\
\
l 1070: from 60% to 100% signal efficiency range.\'97> while varying the signal efficiency from 60% to 100%.\
\
1 1072: \
- template \'97> the template\
- from different signal efficiency \'97\'97> while varying the signal efficiency\
\
l 1073: \
-2.15 \'97> from 2.15\
- * Specify in which range does this bin belong? low or intermediate?\
\
Fig. 4.29: \
- The template fit result in 2.15 to 2.4 GV with signal efficiency from 40%. \'97\'97> The template fit results for the antiproton to proton ratio in the rigidity bin from 2.15 to 2.4 GV while varying the signal efficiency from 40% to 95%.\
- * Do not use the symbol \'9310^-5\'94; write it correctly in LaTeX.\
- * Give the value of the RMS in the caption.\
\
\
l 1075 - 1076: * The absolute error of what? always explain more. And if you show the absolute error shouldnt you show the mean value too of the ratio?\
\
Figure 4.30: * You have to write more stuff in the captions of your figures explaining better what you show. Explain also the different colours shown. Is this the absolute uncertainty? Why dont you show the relative one? \
* Fix again the y-axis label. And remove the \'93From Acceptance\'94.\
* What is this overlap region at ~ 4GV? Dont you finally average here? Explain.\
\
l 1078: \
- rigidity going up. \'97\'97> increasing rigidity.\
- charge confused proton \'97\'97> the charge confused protons\
- taken \'97> obtained\
\
l 1079: Remove the \'93replacing the template fit range.\'94\
\
l 1080: the charge confusion systematic error, \'97\'97> the systematic uncertainty due to the charge confused protons\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 l 1082: \
- charge \'97> the charge\
\
Figure 4.31: * Explain in the caption everything that is shown here. What is \'93Prediction limits\'94? There is also a solid line at 1.0 but only for part of the rigidity range, what is that? Here you write 67%(??) in the text you say 68%. \
\
l 1084 -1087: * I\'92m sorry but it is difficult to understand what you do here so I can not really correct  these sentences. Try to explain better.\
\
l 1088: \
- charge \'97> the charge\
\
Figure 4.32: * Again explain what is shown; is this a relative uncertainty (of what)? Remove the \'93From charge confusion\'94 from the y-axis label.\
*Comment on the shape of the curve and on the result/value of this uncertainty. Say for example that up until rigidity a GV the uncertainty is equal to b% and then in increases up to c%\'85\
*Find a way to show in more detail the upper and lower limits of the rigidity points; at least write them in the caption.\
\
l 1090: The \'93the total systematic error\'94 of what? Always specify/explain what you\'92re talking about.\
\
Figure 4.33: * Again the y-axis is not defined well and the caption doesnt explain what is shown. You do not show the statistical error. You should better show all the sources of the systematic errors together in the same plot with the statistical and the total syst. ucnertainty. Think of how to present your uncertainties for the three ranges and discuss it with Henning too.\
\
l 1091: * You have to show the statistical uncertainty and comment on it and compare it to the systematic one. Which one is the dominant uncertainty? You should not just only show plots; you have to give explanations of your findings.\
\
l 1092: * Define your \'93result\'94; it is the antiproton to proton flux ratio.\
\
l 1092: the square root of the sum of squares of statistical error and systematic error. \'97\'97> adding in quadrature the statistical and the total systematic error.\
\
l 1094: \
- calculation way is used \'97> procedure is followed.\
- Since \'97> Since though\
\
l 1094 - 1096: * Why there are two sentences here? Please always check what you write.\
\
l 1095 -1096: Rewrite as: \'93 \'85..performed in the rigidity range below 20 GV, the systematic uncertainties are calculated only in the low and the indermediate rigidity ranges.\'94\
\
l 1097: \
- in 1.92 \'97> in the rigidity bin from 1.92\
\
Figure 4.34: * Again as in all your previous figures, specify what you show and fix accordingly the y-axis label. \
You show the individual syst. uncertainties and the total syst. uncertainty; you do not just show the \'93systematic error\'94.\
*Comment on this result; why do we see such fluctuations throughout time? Try to make this plot look better. I think using histograms would be better; check with Henning.\
-  in 1.92 \'97> in the rigidity bin from 1.92\
- * Add a fullstop at the end of the sentence. Actually in several of your captions you forget to put a fullstop at the end; please fix all these instances.\
\
\
***** I did not check the Bibliography; you have to do that very carefully and in a consistent way.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}