{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12500\viewh13580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 4.5. Effective Acceptance
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0  \
l 853: \
- 
\f1 template \'97> the template\
-  effective \'97> the effective\
\
l 855: specie particle \'97> particle species\
\
l 856: \
- * What do you mean by this \'93gathering factor\'94? Please explain better what you want to say here.\
- the geometrical\
\
l 857: fixed apparatus \'97> certain detector\
\
l 858: \
- apparatus. While for \'97> apparatus, while for\
- should be \'97> are\
\
l 860: \
- selections. \'97> the selections.\
- The \'97> This\
\
l 861-862: * Do not use like that in one sentence this \'93See the equation \cf2 4.4\cf0 .\'94 You should define in the text first what these symbols A_eff, A_geo and \uc0\u949 _cut are.  For example you can write earlier: \'93This product is called effective acceptance (Aeff).\'94\
\
And then say somethign like:\'94The effective acceptance is defined as:\'94 and show the Equation 4.4.\
\
l 861: Remove the \'93is\'94\
\
l 862: \
- * which \'93acceptance\'94 do you mean here? Specify. \
- * What do you mean by \'93The more practical way is to use the MC\'94?? Isnt this the only way to calcuate the acceptance?\
\
l 863: extensive MC models \'97> different MC production models\
* You have to explain what you mean by these different models. Here you describe one model and not many\'85\
\
l 864-865: Rewrite as: \'93According to these models  the whole detector is located inside a cube with an edge length of 3.9 m.\'94\
\
l 865: Above the top surface, \'97> On the plane defined by the cube side that lies on the top of the detector\
\
l 868: * Do not place a gab between a word and a comma like here: to [\cf2 96\cf0 ] ,\
\
l 869: \
- Ngenerate \'97> Ngenerated\
- * \'93triggered events Ntriggered\'94:  You better not use this AMS terminology and symbols here. Say that on the enumerator there are the events that pass all the cuts.\
\
l 870 -872: * You said this already earlier. Moreover it is not correct to say that the \'93triggered\'94 (i.e the events that pass the cuts) can only be determined by the geometry of the detector. So either remove this whole sentence or write it correctly.\
I think you got confused by Nikos thesis (p99) but in his equation there he talks about the geometrical acceptance and not the effective. \
\
l 874: * Please replace accordingly all the instances of these \'93triggered\'94 events. Do not call them like this.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \

\fs36 l 875: 3.9m \'b7 3.9m.   \'97> 3.9 m x 3.9 m.\

\fs22 \

\fs36 l 876 -877: Rewrite this part of the sentence as: \'93Due to differences between ISS data and MC simulation, the effective acceptance obtained from MC\'94\
\
l 879: * You have to explain more what is the Tag and Probe method. If you explain it later you may say that here.\
\
l 880: antiproton \'97> the antiproton\
\
l 881: cross \'97> the cross\
\
l 884:* Again do not use this pharse \'93See equation \cf2 4.6\cf0 .\'94\
\

\fs22  
\fs36 l 882 - 885: Rewrite as: \'93The data/MC corrections necessary for the derivation of the proton  and antiproton effective acceptances (Ap and Apbar respectively), cancel out in the proton to antiproton flux ratio calculation:\
Equation 4.6\
where \uc0\u948 p and \u948 pbar denote the relevant corrections.\
The same effect is valid also in the positron/electron ratio analysis [97].\'94\
\
Fig. 4.17: * You use in the caption \'93ratio\'94 but the y-axis is \'93corrector\'94. Explain more what you mean/show. \
Moreover you have to explain more the different colour areas and comment on the shape of this dependence as a function of rigidity.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 4.6. Measuring Time\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
l 891: measuring \'97> the measuring\
\
l 893: * You have to explain briefly what \'93trigger dead time\'94 is.\
\
l 894: when the experiment is running. \'97> since the start of the experiment.\
\
l 895: * Explain when the trigger rate goes up and what is this \'93threshold that is surpassed\'94? \
\
l 896: fired \'97> detected\
\
l 895 -897:  Sorry but this definition of the live time fraction is not correct/complete. You present it as if the live time fraction is measured only when the trigger goes up. The live time fraction is a part of every second of data taking. Try to explain better. See how Fabian explains it.\
\
l 899: SAA, \'97> the SAA,\
\
l 900: through \'97> through the detector.\
\
Fig. 4.18: \
- area \'97> areas\
- SAA \'97> the SAA\
* Have you explained earlier the SAA abbreviation?\
\
Fig. 4.19: \
* You do not mention this Figure in the text.\
- live \'97> the live\
- In \'97> For\

\fs22 \

\fs36 l 902 - 903 and Fig. 4.20: I am sorry I do not understand what you say and show here.\
\
l 904: \
- earth\'92s \'97> Earth\'92s \
* Please corerct all instances of this\
\
- the \'97> a\
\
l 906: location \'97> orientation\
\
l 907: line.\'97> lines.\
\
l 908: Rewrite as: \'93The Earth\'92s magnetic field axis is tilted at an angle of about 11^o with respect to the Earth\'92s rotational axis, \'94\
\
Fig. 4. 21: \
- Earth\'92s \'97> the Earth\'92s\
- * You have to write more explanations in the captions of your Figures. Explain the different poles that are shown here.\
\
l 912: AMS \'97> the AMS\
\
l 913: cutoff, the equation \cf2 4.7 \cf0 gives the way \'97\'97> cutoff method.  Equation \cf2 4.7 \cf0 presents the formula used \
\
l 916: the zenith angle and azimuthal angle, respectively. \'97> the zenith and azimuthal angles of the particle, respectively.\
\
l 918: as function \'97> as a function\
\
Fig. 4.22: \
- * you better use colors in such figures to show better the shape of the surface shown.\
- ISS \'97> the ISS\
- maximum \'97> maximum value\
\
l 920 - 921: With the preselection about sub-detector operation quality introduced in section \cf2 4.1\cf0 ,\'97> After the preselection cuts introduced in section \cf2 4.1\cf0  and which ensure good operation quality of the sub-detectors\
\
l 921: \
- time \'97> time as a function of rigidity\
- * What safety factor do you use? You have to explain.\
\
l 923 - 924: Because of the ISS orientation, detectors operation like TRD gas refills or in the SAA, \'97> Due to the ISS position, detector operations like TRD gas refills and the time spent inside the SAA \
\
l 926: in AMS-02 \'97>  by the AMS-02\
\
l 927: * \'93to calculate the particle\'94 ??? what do you mean? Maybe you mean \'93to calculate the particle track or route\'94?\
\
l 931: *The whole name of the IGRF should be give at the first instance you use its abbreviation IGRF and not here (line 926).\
\
Fig. 4.24: * Inside the figure correct the \'93Stomer\'94\
- comparison \'97> measuring time comparison\
- * Add a full stop at the end of the caption.\
\
l 937: for time \'97> for the time\
\
l 939: \
- higher \'97> the higher\
- * Give the values of these first two rigidity bins.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 4.7. Trigger Efficiency\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
l 942: to construct flux is \'97\'97> needed to calculate the particle flux is the \
\
l 943 - 944: Rewrite as: \'93The trigger efficiency is defined as the ratio of the number of triggered events over the total number of events as the cosmic particles traverse the detector.\'94\
\
l 945: AMS \'97> the AMS\
\
l 946: * never put a comma before the word \'93and\'94.\
\
l 947 - 948: Because the bandwidth is enough  \'97> As there is enough bandwidth\
\
l 950:\
- kinds \'97> types\
- \'93Fast trigger" \'97> the "Fast trigger" stage\
\
l 950 and 951: You have to define what FTC and FTZ triggers are and not just say \'93see the definition in [89]\'93. You will just give the reference in a parenthesis.\
\
l 951: kind \'97> type\
\
l 954: photons \'97> photons or leptons\
\
l 955: has seven kinds: \'97> consists of seven types of trigger conditions:\
\
l 964: with less than 20 degree zenith angle  \'97> with a zenith angle of less than 20^o\
\
l 970: \
- kinds \'97> types\
- trigger. \'97> triggers.\
\
l 972: trigger \'97> triggers\
\
l 973: physics trigger efficiency \'97> trigger efficiency using ISS data.\
\
l 974 -975: * Is this really a technical problem? I guess you want to say something different and I misunderstood you\'85 \
Even if there was a technical issue we should avoid publishing it like that.\
Better just rewrite this sentence as : \'93The two unbiased triggers can both fire at the same time, therefore the double-counted events should be corrected as:\'94\
\
Equation 4.9: * What are the f_tof+ecal and N_tof+ecal? Aren\'92t they the f_both and N_both?\
Moreover you have to explain all the symbols you use in every equation. R is the reconstructed rigidity, right? What are N_phys, N ecal, etc? See below a suggestion in l 979.\
\
l 979: \
- number of physics trigger events \'97> number of physics trigger events (N_phys(R))\
- the unbiased non-physics trigger events  \'97> the number of unbiased non-physics trigger events for each type (N_tof(R), N_ecal(R), N_both(R)) taking into account the corresponding scaling factors:\
\
l 980: of proton \'97> of proton events\
\
Fig. 4.25: - The proton trigger efficiency. \'97> The trigger efficiency for proton events using ISS data.\
* Did you check how this efficiency looks like in MC?\
\
l 982: antiproton \'97> the antiproton\
\
l 982 -983: efficiency of  proton \uc0\u949 p and antiproton \u949 pbar should be strictly canceled out in calculation  \'97> efficiencies for  proton (\u949 p) and antiproton events (\u949 pbar)  cancel out in the calculation.\
\
l 983: trigger \'97> the trigger\
\
l 984: in next section. \'97> as it will be described in the next section.\
\
\
\
\
}