{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red24\green25\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13800\viewh14800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \

\b Chapter 3 (pages 13 - 21)\

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Experiment Overview
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
l 354: 
\f1 program \'97> experiment
\f0 \
\
l 355: * Was it in 1995? The publication you quote is from 1994. Please check and correct this if needed.\
\
l 355: 
\f1 accepted then  \'97> soon accepted.\
\
l 355 - 356: to measure  the antimatter in cosmic rays  \'97> to search for antimatter and dark matter in the universe\

\f0 \
l 356: 
\f1 provide \'97> to provide\
- measurement \'97> measurements\
\
- fluxes \'97> the fluxes\
\
l 357: \
- cosmic \'97> the cosmic\
- to \'97> for\
- the \'97> their\
\

\f0 l 358: Remove the \'93
\f1 of cosmic rays.
\f0 \'94 Place the fullstop at the end of the sentence AFTER [75].\
\
l 359: \
- the \'97> a \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 - AMS-01 \'97\'97> AMS-01 (figure \cf2 3.1(a)\cf0 )
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
l 360: 
\f1 a simplified version of the final experiment, see the detector in figure \cf2 3.1(a)\cf0 . \'97\'97> which was a simplified version of the final detector.\
\
Figure 3.1: \
* Figure 3.1 (a) does NOT show the AMS-01 aboard the Space Shuttle. You swapped a) and b).\
Rewrite the whole caption as:\
\'93a) The AMS-01 detector at the Kennedy Space Center (NASA) with its support structure  [\cf2 78\cf0 ] ; b) The AMS-01 detector aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery during the STS-91 mission in June 1998 [\cf2 77\cf0 ] ;\'94\
* Remove the fullstop after the a) , b)\'85\
\
 l 361: \
- in \'97> during the \
- flight \'97> mission\
- Do not place a gap between  [76] and the comma.\
- rays \'97> ray\
\
l 362: putting \'97\'97> placing and operating\
\
l 363: by \'97> aboard the\
\
l 364: - in STS 134 mission \'97> during mission STS-134\
\
l 365: \
- detectors were \'97\'97> detector was\
- on ISS\'92s \'97> on the ISS\'92s\
- data taking \'97\'97> collecting data\
\
Figure 3.2: \
- AMS-02 \'97> The AMS-02 \
- * The caption should agree with the text in line 365. So edit accordingly the \'93S3 Upper 
\b Inboard
\b0  Payload Attach 
\b Site
\b0 \'94\
- * Place first the \'93Image modified from [79]\'94 in parenthesis and the fullstop at the very end of the whole sentence.\
\
l 367: \
- experiment \'97\'97> detector\
- , weight of \'97\'97> \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
and weighs\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
l 368 - 369: with 0.14 T ..... measured \'97\'97> that provides a magnetic field of 1.4 T and in combination with nine silicon tracker layers the rigidity of the cosmic particles can be measured. \
\
l 370: \
- from the side \'97\'97> entering the detector sideways.\
- Remove the \'93relative\'94\
\
l 372: \
- are \'97> there are\
- installed to \'97> which\
\
l 373: \
- velocity \'97> the velocity\
- charge \'97> the charge of the particles.\
- TOF \'97> the TOF\
\
l 375: \
- can measure \'97> measures\
- particles\'97\'97> the particles\
\
Figure 3.3: \
- AMS-02 \'97> the AMS-02\
- its all \'97\'97> all its\
- * Always place the fullstop at the very end of a sentence, not before the reference [81].\
\
l 377: The experiment \'97\'97> Detector\
\
l 378: \
- Rewrite as: \'93These operations can be distinguished in flight and ground operations. \'93\
- For the flight part, \'97> As part of the flight operations, \
\
l 379 - 380: \
- S and Ku band \'97> the S (low rate) and Ku (high rate) radiofrequency bands \
- white sands ground terminal \'97\'97> the White Sands Ground Terminal\

\f0 \
l 381: \
- Marshall \'97> the Marshall\
- written \'97> is written\
\
l 382: \
- copied \'97> transmitted over the Internet and copied\
- 
\f1 payload operations control centre \'97\'97> Payload Operations Control Centre
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 3.2. Transition Radiation Detector
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
l 384: - by transition 
\f1 radiations. \'97> based on the transition radiation emitted.\
\
l 385: \
- charged \'97\'97> relativistic charged\
-* Remove (if possible) the large gap between [82] and the fullstop. 
\f0 \
\
l 386: of \'97> for a \
\
l 386 -387: * You have to explain better what you\'92re saying here about the solutions of the Maxwell equation. You do not mention the different dielectric constants of the two mediums, the Maxwell equations are relevant to the electric and magnetic filed of the moving particle etc\'85Your explanation is not complete and clear.\
\
l 388: \
- 
\f1 emitted photon \'97> the emitted radiation\
- the \'97>  a\
\
l 389: the characteristic energy of the radiation is X-ray. The direction is mostly forward, and the\'97\'97> the emitted \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
transition radiation \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 photons \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0have wavelengths in the X-ray range of the electromagnetic spectrum and their direction is mostly forward. The\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\

\f0 l 391: AMS-02 \'97> The AMS-02\
\
l 392: \
- tracker \'97> the tracker\
- tubes \'97\'97> straw tubes\
\
l 393: 
\f1 of 2 meters in length. \'97\'97>  length of 2 m.\
\
l 393 - 394: Rewrite as: \'93The straw tubes have double-layer kapton-aluminum foil walls of 72 \uc0\u956 m in thickness and at their center there is a 30 \u956 m gold-plated tungsten wire.\'94
\f0 \
\
l 394 395: Rewrite as: \'93The tubes are filled with a xenon (Xe) and carbon dioxide (CO2) gas mixture, which is supplied by two storage tanks\'94\
\
l 395 - 398: \
* Your description of the operation of the straw tube is neither fully correct nor complete. You have to study and understand how a gas filled proportional tube works. High voltage is applied on the wire in order for this to operate (no high voltage is produced by the passage of the particle). And the avalance of ionization is created BEFORE the formation of the signal on the wire. The positive Xe ions movement away from the wire is actually mainly responsible for the formation of the signal on the wire. But you could avoid, if you want, such details.\
So for the moment (but you may try to expand the description) you could write something like: \
\'93When a charged particle goes through the straw tube it ionizes the Xe atoms and the produced electrons drift towards the anode wire creating an avalance of ionization proportional to the energy loss of the particle. Finally, a signal is induced on the anode wire.\'94\
\
l 398: \
- Then the  CO2 could quench \'97\'97> The CO2 quenches \
- to the \'97> it to its\
\
l 399: \
- leak \'97> large leak\
- the diffusion \'97> gas diffusion across the tube walls\
\
l 400: * Do not place a comma before the word \'93and\'94\
- loss is ignorable for Xe \'97\'97> loss for Xe is negligible.\
- TRD \'97> the TRD\
\
l 400-401: stably operate \'97> be stably operated\
\
l 401: 2035 \'97\'97> 2039\
\
l 402 : \
- These \'97> The \
- Remove the comma before the \'93and\'94\
\
l 404: \
- placed on top \'97\'97> placed along the x-axis on top\
- are \'97\'97> along the x-axis are \
\
* This picture does not show the size of the TRD. There is nothing to compare to in order to understand its size. Moreover the edges of the TRD are \'93cut\'94 in this picture. Can you find a better picture?\
- the actual size of TRD \'97\'97> the TRD and its support structure are\
\
Figure 3.4: Rewrite the caption as: \'93The TRD and its support structure during construction [85].\'94\
* But why do you use here as a reference [85] the AMS webpage? You could have used for example a publication where the construction of the TRD in Aachen is described.\
\
l 406: \
- 
\f1 In figure \cf2 3.5\cf0 , the left figure \'97\'97> Figure 3.5 (a)
\f0 \
- the response when \'97\'97> an illustration where\
\
Figure 3.5: \
* Edit the caption without using \'93the left figure\'94 and \'93the right figure\'94 but do it as you do in other figures by using (a) and (b).\
- TRD \'97> the TRD\
- positron \'97> a positron\
- proton only left dE/dX signal\'97> the proton produces only a dE/dX signal\
- 
\f1 shows an example of tube collected energy for 100 GeV protons and 20 GeV electrons \'97> b) 
\f0 energy distributions measured by TRD straw tubes for 100 GeV protons (blue points) and 20 GeV electrons (red points) during a beam test at CERN.\
- * You should also explain what the black curves are (simulations?).\
\
l 407: \
- fleece \'97> thick fleece\
- 
\f1 has 10 \uc0\u956 m polypropylene \'97> consists of 10 \u956 m thick polypropylene
\f0 \
\
l 408: is \'97> is made of\
\
l 411 - 412: Rewrite as: \'93Figure 3.5 (b) shows the energy distributions measured by TRD straw tubes for 100 GeV protons and 20 GeV electrons during a test beam at CERN.\'94\
* You should give the reference/publication of this figure. You give again in the Figure 3.5 (b) as a reference the AMS web page. Is this figure maybe included in an AMS publication that you could use as a reference instead of the webpage?\
 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 l 413: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - 
\f1 around 10 keV photons are observed. \'97\'97> photons of ~10 keV are observed.
\f0 \
* BUT this explanation is not enough. You should try to explain better this additional contribution from the transition radiation photons on the electron energy spectrum.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 3.3. Silicon Tracker
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
l 415 -416: rewrite the yellow marked part of the sentence as: \'93\'85.the AMS-02 detector is equipped with a silicon tracker system and a magnet.\'94\
\
l 417: cylinder shape \'97> cylindrical shaped structure\
\
l 417 - 418:  - 0.8 m height \'97> a height of 0.8 m\
\
l 418: - 
\f1 1.1 m diameter inside \'97\'97> an inner diameter of 1.1 m.\
\
l 420: ignorable \'97> negligible\
\
l 421: magnetic effect \'97\'97> effect of the Earth\'92s magnetic field\
\
Figure 3.6: * The fullstop at the end of the sentence is missing. Moreover you talk here about the \'93vibration test\'94 but you do not explain anything in the text about it. \
\
l 423: \
- in \'97> of \
- layers, \'97\'97> layers:\
- TRD \'97> the TRD\
\
l 424: \
- , and layer \'97\'97> , layers\
- are inner central layers installed \'97\'97> are the so-called inner tracker layers as they are installed\
\
l 425: magnet, layer 9 is above ECAL and below RICH \'97\'97> magnet and layer 9 is placed above the ECAL and below the RICH.\
\
l 425 -426: * Remove this sentence for Figure 3.7 from here and place it after you explain what a ladder is.\
\
Figure 3.7: - * Place the fullstop after the [88]. What do you mean by \'93shielded\'94? Explain.\
\
l 427: summed-up \'97> total\
\
l 428: strips for signal readout \'97\'97> strips\
\
l 429:  \
- n-side \'97> n-side of the silicon sensors.\
- 196608 readout strips are reading out the signals. \'97\'97>  there are 196608 readout  channels.\
\
l 430: \
- The \'97> Each\
- has size of \'85..300 \uc0\u956 m. \'97\'97> has a size of 41.360 mm x 72.045 mm x 0.3 mm.\
- A particle \'97> When a particle\
\
l 431: and \'97> it\
\
l 432: \
- p-side, the X position \'97\'97> p-side. The X position\
\
l 433: \
- n-side\'97> the n-side\
- p-side \'97> the p-side.\
- illustrate \'97> illustrates\
\
Figure 3.8: \
- Rewrite as: \'93Principle of operation of the double-sided silicon micro-strip sensors. The electron-hole pairs produced by a charged particle drift towards the strips of the sensor.\'94\
- * Place the fullstop after the [85].\
\
l 434: \
- resolutions \'97> spatial resolution\
- bending direction and \'97\'97>  the bending and \
\
l 435 -436: Rewrite as: \'93Given the track hit positions, the rigidity and its sign can be reconstructed.\'94\
\
l 437: * I dont think that you should give the tracker patterns here. This is part of the analysis and not the detector description.\
\
l 437: \
- existence \'97> presence\
- tracker \'97> the tracker\
- different \'97> the different\
-  the different categories   \'97\'97> various categories \
\
l 438: In table \cf2 3.1\cf0 , all the tracker pattern definitions are given \'97\'97> The tracker pattern definitions are given in table 3.1.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Table 3.1: of tracker \'97> of the tracker\
\
l 442: \
- Z^2 \'97> (Z^2)\
- of \'97> in \
\
l 443: one \'97> of one\
\
l 444: \
- The inner tracker layer\'92s positions \'97> The positions of the inner tracker layers\
- aligned with \'97> aligned and monitored by a system of \
- IR \'97> infrared \
- with \'97> that provides sub-micrometer position measurements\
- * You could have explained better the TAS system here.\
\
l 445 - 446: Rewrite as: \'93The positions of layers 1 and 9 are aligned with respect to the inner tracker by using cosmic rays over two-minute time windows. The resulting position accuracy is 5 \uc0\u956 m for layer 1 and 6 \u956 m for layer 9.\'94 \
\
l 447 -448: at CERN SPS with proton beams of 180 and 400 GeV, positron, electron, and pion beams of 10 to 290 GeV. \'97\'97> and calibrated at the CERN SPS  test beam facilities with 180 GeV and 400 GeV proton beams, as well as with positron, electron, and pion beams of 10 to 290 GeV.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
l 448 - 451: Rewrite as: \'93The tracker rigidity resolution function was determined with high precision and compared to MC simulation. Figure 3.9 shows the comparison between the tracker resolution measured at the 400 GeV proton beam and the one obtained by MC simulation. A good agreement between data and MC is observed.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Figure 3.9: \
- Rewrite as: \'93\cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Comparison between the tracker resolution measured with 400 GeV protons at the test beam and the MC simulation [85].\'94\
* For all these figures you get from the AMS webpage (reference [85]), you should better find their corresponding publications and then give as a reference these publications and not the AMS webpage.\
\
l 454: * Explain more the \'93equidistant measurements\'94.\
\
l 456: , X0 \'97\'97> and X0\
\
l 457: Remove the whole line. You mention sigma_x again earlier.\
\
\cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 l 458: \
- is determined by \'97> equation consists of  two terms. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - is \'97> describes\
\
l 459: \
- tracker \'97> the tracker\
- Remove the \'93is\'94\
- multiple \'97> the multiple\
\
l 461: \
- the rigidity \'97> the AMS-02 simulated rigidity\
- for proton \'97> for cosmic protons\
\
Figure 3:10: \
- Tracker \'97> The AMS-02 tracker\
- proton \'97> protons\
- in \'97> for\
- 9, blue \'97> 9 and blue\
- * You better modify the label of the y-axis as: \'93Rigidity Resolution (\cf5 \uc0\u963 _R / R)\cf0 \'94 and add inside the figure a legend explaining the different colours.\
\
l 463: \
- resolution \'97> the detector\'92s resolution.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 - as the \uc0\u963 _R = R \'97> as the value of the rigidity R where \u963 _R = R\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
l 464: \
- can \'97> that can\
- AMS-02 \'97> the AMS-02\
\
l 465: proton \'97> protons\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 l 466: 
\b 3.4. Time Of Flight 
\b0 \'97>  Time Of Flight System\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}