{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red31\green31\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red251\green2\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c16078\c16078\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c100000\c25279\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19400\viewh12480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx17080\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf0 l 466: 
\b 3.4. Time Of Flight 
\b0 \'97>  Time of Flight System\
\
l 468: \
- Plane \'97> Planes\
- have \'97> consist of\
\
l 470: \
- upper \'97> the upper\
- two \'97> the two\
\
l 470-471: \'93in X and Y directions, respectively, see figure \cf2 3.11\cf0 .\'94  \'97> in the X and Y directions  as shown in figure \cf2 3.11\cf0 .\
\
Figuer 3.11: \
* Use (a) and (b) to mark the two sub-figures and do not use \'93left\'94 and \'93right\'94.\
Rewrite as: \'93The TOF planes arrangement in the AMS-02 experiment: (a) Upper TOF and (b) Lower TOF [95].\'94\
\
l 471: paddles \'97> the paddles\
\
l 472: PMTs \'97> Photo-Multiplier Tubes (PMTs)\
\
l 472 - 474: Rewrite as: \'93Each paddle is also equipped with 2 or 3 Photo-Multiplier Tubes (PMTs) on each end, which collect the light signal from the plastic scintillator and provide efficient particle detection. \
\
l 475: triggers \'97> trigger\
\
l 476: \
- about triggers \'97> on the trigger\
- 4.7 \'97\'97> section 4.7.\
\
l 477: \
- TOF can get \'97\'97> The TOF system provides \
-  the time differences between upper \'97\'97> the time difference between signals from the upper\
\
l 479: particles. See figure \cf2 3.12(a)\cf0 . \'97\'97> particles (figure \cf2 3.12(a))\cf0 .\
\
Figure 3.12: \
* Correct based on previous comments all the parts I marked in yellow.\
- TOF Beta resolution as the function for particle charge. [\cf2 95\cf0 ] \'97\'97> The TOF \uc0\u946  resolution as a function of particle charge [\cf2 95\cf0 ];\
- TOF \'97> the TOF\
- proton \'97> protons\
- to Zinc \'97> up to Zinc\
\
l 481: \
- Except for \'97> Apart from\
- TOF \'97> the TOF\
- get \'97> provide\
\
l 482: particles  \'97> the particles\
\
l 483: \
- dynode of PMTs. See figure \cf2 3.12(b)\cf0 . The charge \'97> dynode signals of the PMTs. The charge \
- for the charge one particle. \'97\'97> for charge one particles (figure \cf2 3.12(b))\cf0 . \
\
\

\b 3.5. Ring-Imaging Cherenkov Detector\

\b0 \
l 485: ECAL \'97> the ECAL\
\
l 486: radiators at the top, \'97> kinds of radiators at its top:\
\
l 487: NaF radiator at the center and Agl radiator as the outer radiator. \'97\'97> a sodium fluoride (NaF) radiator in the center surrounded by a silica aerogel (Agl) radiator.\
\
l 488: , and \'97> and \
\
Figure 3.13: \
* Place the fullstop at the end of the sentence.\
- RICH \'97> The RICH\
- expansion \'97> its expansion\
- in the front \'97>  at the front of the picture\
- two \'97> the two\
- in the behind \'97> in the background.\
\
l 495: \
- has \'97> consists of\
- sodium fluoride tiles (NaF) \'97> NaF tiles
\fs20 \

\fs36 - of \'97> with a size of \
- 85 x 85 x 5mm^3 \'97> 85 mm x 85 mm x 5 mm each\
- with \'97> and a\
\
l 496:\
- n=1.33 \'97> of n=1.33\
- Outside of \'97> Surrounding the\
- silica aerogel tiles (Agl) \'97> silica aerogel tiles\
- * Correct the rest of the sentence in the same way as the previous sentence.\
\
l 498 - 499: of \uc0\u946  > 0.75 for NaF and particles of \u946  > 0.953 for Agl can emit radiation. \'97\'97> which pass through the NaF radiator should have a velocity \u946  > 0.75 in order to be detected, while those which pass through the Agl radiator should have a velocity \u946  > 0.953.\
\
l 501 : PMT tubes \'97> PMTs\
\
l 505: \
- particle \'97> particles\
- with \'97> for\
- radiator, see figure \cf2 3.14(a)\cf0 . \'97>  radiator (figure \cf2 3.14(a)).\cf0 \
* But in your figure 3.14(a) the resolution for Z=1 particles is not shown\'85It starts from Z =2.\
\
l 507: 12, see figure \cf2 3.14(b) \cf0 for the resolutions. \'97\'97>  12 (figure \cf2 3.14(b)).\cf0 \
\
Figure 3.14:\
* The y-axis for Figure 3.14 (a) should be \uc0\u963 _\u946 /\u946  and not just \u963 _\u946  and for Figure 3.14 (b) it should be \u963 _Z/Z.\
- Rewrite the whole caption as: \
\'93 a) The RICH \uc0\u946  resolution as a function of particle charge for the aerogel radiator [99]; b) the RICH charge resolution as a function of particle charge [99].\'94\
\
\

\b 3.6. Electromagnetic Calorimeter\

\b0 \
l 511: * Always put a space between numbers and units\
- 648 x 648mm^2 \'97> 648 mm x 648 mm\
- 166mm \'97> 166.5 mm\
\
l 513: 17 radiation lengths for a total depth. \'97> 17 radiation lengths (X_0).\
\
l 514: 18.5 mm. \'97> 18.5 mm each.\
\
l 515: \
- alternate \'97> alternated\
- (see figure 3.16) \'97> (figure 3.15)\
* Why do you show figure 3.16 before figure 3.15? Fix this.\
\
Figure 3.16: \
* This figure should become figure 3.15.\
* You show a cell but you explain nothing about this. You should add the explanation in the text. Moreover no dimensions are shown in this figure.\
Rewrite the whole caption as: \'93The ECAL superlayer structure. One cell is shown in red [103].\'94\
\
l 516: the last superlayer \'97> the last foil of the last superlayer\
\
l 516 -517: - Also, one superlayer is placed in one direction  only.  \'97> \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In each superlayer, the fibers are oriented along one direction only. \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
l 517 - 518: Rewrite as: \'93By alternatively stacking the nine superlayers in the X and Y directions  (five superlayers in the X direction and four in the Y direction), the 3D image of the shower shape is obtained.\'94\
\
l 518: superlayer is \'97> superlayer\'92s fibers are\
\
l 519: edge \'97> end\
\
l 519: * This sentence \'93To avoid dead zone, the PMTs are arranged alternatively.\'94 makes no sense. Either explain better what you want to say or remove it.\
\
l 520: PMTs. [\cf2 103\cf0 ] . \'97> PMTs [\cf2 103\cf0 ] .\
\
l 521: \
- it will interact \'97> it interacts\
- a hadronicdal \'97> hadronic\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 l 522: to produce \'97> producing\
\
l 524: \
- the \'97> a \
- Remove this: \'93and is shaped\'94\
\
l 526: \
- nearby \'97> produced\
- show \'97> shower\
- by interaction or decay. \'97\'97> which can interact or decay further.\
\
l 528: \
- looks \'97> is\
- Remove the \'93likely to be\'94\
\
l 530: - distinguish \'97\'97> distinguish between\
\
l 531 - 532: - of above 10^4  from 3 GeV to 1000 GeV at an electron efficiency of 90%.\'97> larger than 10^4 at an electron efficiency of 90% in the energy range of 3 - 1000 GeV.\
\
l 532: \
- * The figure \cf2 3.15\cf0 , should become figure \cf2 3.16\cf0 . See my previous comment.\
- rejection power \'97> proton rejection\
\
l 533: ECAL \'97> the ECAL\
\
Figure 3.15:\
- Proton \'97> The proton\
- power of ECAL \'97> of the ECAL\
- efficiency. [\cf2 85\cf0 ] \'97> efficiency [\cf2 85\cf0 ].\
\
l 534: by beam test \'97\'97> in a CERN test beam\
\
l 535: Rewrite as: \'93Figure 3.17 shows the ECAL energy resolution measured in the test beam.\'94\
\
Figure 3.17: Rewrite the caption as: \'93The ECAL energy resolution determined from test beam data. The function of equation 3.2 is also shown (red dashed line) [103].\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 3.7. Anti-Coincidence Counter\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 l 537: \
- is installed surrounding \'97> surrounds\
\
l 538: \
* You should modify the Figure using (a), (b), (c) and not \'93upper left\'94, \'93lower\'94\'85\
- , see figure \cf2 3.18 \cf0 upper left one. \'97> (figure 3.18 (a))\
* In this figure though the ACC panels are not shown/defined well; it\'92s better to use a better photo or sketch. \
\
l 538 -540: \
* Backsplash events are not necessarily rejected\'85\
Rewrite as: \'93Their purpose is to reject unwanted events with particles entering or leaving the inner tracker from the side.\'94\
\
l 540: The second task for the ACC is to reduce\'97> Moreover the ACC is used to reduce\
\
l 541:\
- the area \'97> an area that is \
- large flux \'97> particle flux\
- SAA \'97> the SAA\
\
l 543: \
- scintillator panels (Bicron BC-414) \'97> curved scintillator (Bicron BC-414) panels \
- , see the upper right figure in \cf2 3.18\cf0 . \'97> (figure 3.18 (b)) \cf5 or\cf0  as shown in figure 3.18 (b).\
\
l 544: \
- the particles traverse \'97> a particle traverses\
- , the particle will emit \'97> it emits\
\
l 545: \
- would be \'97> is \
- fibers \'97> wavelength shifting fibres\
\
l 546: transported to PMTs (Hamamatsu R5946) at the end.\'97> is transported to the PMTs (Hamamatsu R5946) placed on both ends of the ACC structure.\
\
l 547: \
- are \'97> is\
- two same \'97> two\
- see figure \cf2 3.18 \cf0 lower one. \'97\'97> as shown in figure \cf2 3.18 \cf0 (c).\
\
l 547 - 548: The  design is to have redundancies and also save weight. \'97> This design provides redundancy capabilities and saves weight.\
\
l 549: \
- groove \'97> a groove\
- inefficiency of detections \'97\'97> detection inefficiency.\
\
l 549 - 550: \
- Check the reference [85]. I dont see there what you write here\'85\
- Rewrite as: \'93The ACC panels efficiency has been measured at a muon test beam at CERN and found to be equal to 99.99%.\'94\
\
l 551: \
- Remove this: \'93By cutting on the ACC scintillators fired during the event,\'94\
- the ACC system is used \'97> The ACC signals are used in the trigger logic\
- particles \'97> events with particles\
\
l 553: \
- Remove this: \'93to acquire the event.\'94\
- detail \'97> details\
- trigger \'97> the trigger system\
\
Figure 3.18: * First fix the figure by adding (a), (b) and (c).\
Rewrite as: \'93a) The ACC system. b) The arrangement of the ACC scintillator panels. c) A panel pair and its connections to the PMTs [\cf2 110\cf0 ].\'94\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
}