{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue255;\red24\green25\blue26;\red60\green64\blue68;
\red77\green80\blue85;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;
\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c25279\c100000;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c13333;\cssrgb\c30196\c31765\c33725;
\cssrgb\c37255\c38824\c40784;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh13780\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \

\b INTRODUCTION
\b0 \
\
\
- Are you sure you use the correct template and fonts for the document? There are large gaps between the lines so each page seems to contain less information than for example Fabian\'92s pages.\
\
\
L 91 - 93: 
\f1 The story of cosmic rays began in 1912 when a balloon experiment carried out by Victor Hess  showed a significant rise in the air ionization rate with increasing altitude, confirming the existence of cosmic rays.\
\
L 93: opens\'97-> opened\
\
L 94: except astronomical observations \'97> supplementing the astronomical observations.
\f0 \
\
L 95: \
- have \'97> has\
- the \'97>their\
\
L96: 
\f1 in large energy scale. \'97> in a wide energy scale range.\
\
L 96 - 98: Due to the very high levels of energy that cosmic rays can reach, they provide a unique opportunity to study high energy particles with energy above the TeV scale and even higher than the energy levels reached by modern particle colliders.\
\
L 99 - 100: Before any particle accelerator was build, 
\f0 \
\
L 100:  \
- through \'97> the\
\
\
L 101: 
\f1 This is the beginning of discovering antimatters \'97\'97> That was the first antiparticle to be discovered.\
\
L 102:\
- accelerator \'97\'97> accelerators\
-  improvement \'97> progress\
- antiproton \'97\'97> the antiproton\
\
L 103: antiproton \'97> antiprotons\
\
L 104: Give the references of the two ballon experiments that confirmed the antiproton in cosmic rays.\
\
L 105: \
- studying \'97> study\
- never stop. \'97\'97> has never stopped.\
\
L 106: \
- earth \'97> Earth\'92s\
- in \'97> by\
\
L 107: Data \'97> data\
\
\
L 109: The AMS-02 experiment \'97> The AMS-02 detector\

\f2\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-380\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 L 110: \
- 2011, which \'97\'97> 2011 and has \
- of rigidity of particles. \'97\'97> of the particles\'92 rigidity.\
- Station \'97\'97> Station (ISS) \
\
L 111: \
- 10 years cosmic rays data have been collected \'97> cosmic ray data of ten years has been collected\
- antiproton signals can be identified from bunch of cosmic ray events. \'97\'97> and is used for the present analysis.\
\
L 115: \
- Give a reference of PAMELA.\
- Space spectrometer PAMELA also only published time averaged antiproton result. \'97\'97> The Space spectrometer PAMELA published only time averaged antiproton results.\
- have \'97\'97> has\
\
L 118: \
- 6 Bartels Rotations \'97> six Bartels Rotations\
- Explain here briefly what is a Bartels Rotation and/or give a reference.\
\
L 118 - 119: \
- resolution, which is the first time the solar modulation\'92s effect on cosmic antiprotons is shown.   \'97> resolution; this is the first time that the solar modulation\'92s effect on cosmic antiprotons is shown.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 - Really? there are no other such results from other people from the AMS collaboration?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
L 120:\
-  In Chapter \cf4 2\cf0 , a general picture about cosmic rays will be shown. \'97> Chapter \cf4 2\cf0  presents a general picture of cosmic rays.\
\
\
L 120 -121: In Chapter \cf4 3 \cf0 the details of all sub-detectors in AMS-02 experiment will be given. \'97>  An overview of the AMS-02 experiment and its sub-detectors is given in Chapter 3.\
\
 L 121- 122: Chapter \cf4 4 \cf0 will present the antiproton analysis techniques used in this analysis. \'97\'97> Chapter 4 describes the antiproton analysis techniques used in this thesis.\
\
\
L 122-124: \cf4  \cf0 The result of (time averaged???) antiproton to proton  flux ratio using  ten years of AMS-02 data, as well as the time dependent antiproton to proton flux ratio with a time resolution of six Bartels Rotations are presented in Chapter \cf4 5\cf0 .\
\

\f0 L 124: 
\f1 will give \'97> gives\
\
L 125: conclusion \'97\'97> a conclusion\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 CHAPTER 2\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.1. Cosmic Rays\

\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs32 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 L 129:  The humankind has been continuously driven by the curiosity to explore the unknown world.\
\
L 130 -131: \
- The highest particle energy that can be achieved through man-made particle accelerators is at the few TeV scale.
\b \

\b0 - can be served \'97> serves \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 L 132: Give the reference of the phrase you have inside the quotes; is this something that somebody said?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 L 133: The spectrum of cosmic rays covers an incredibly wide range in intensity and energy.\
\
L 133 - 135: The measured cosmic ray flux 
\f3 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
is seen at Earth varying about 31 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 orders of magnitude, which corresponds to the scale of the visible Universe compared to the human hair diameter.\
\
L 135: \
- ZeV level \'97> the ZeV level\
\
L 135 -136: ( 10^21 eV), which is impossible to generate from human made facilities currently. \'97\'97> ( 10^21 eV); such an 
\f3 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
unprecedented energy can not be currently generated by man-made facilities.\
\
Figure 2.1: The caption needs to be expanded; write some more explanations about what you show here. This is the total flux. For example what do the coloured bands indicate in Fig. 2.1 (a)? You have to explain all this.\
But I think you should find a better Figure for the spectrum in 2.1(a) where the knee, ankle and more details are shown.\
\
L 137 : \
- cosmic rays  flux \'97> cosmic ray flux\
-  give briefly here the formula of the power law\
\
L 138: and the \'97> with a \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\cf3 L 138: 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 power law \'97> the power law
\f3 \cf7 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\cf3 \
L 139 - 141:  \
- What are you talking about here? The knee is at ~ 1 PeV and the ankle at ~ 10^18 eV.\
\
So you should better write something like: \
At energies around 1 PeV, the so called \'93knee\'94, 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the spectrum index increases to about 3.1 and at energies above  ~ 4 X 10^18 eV (4 EeV), the so called \'93ankle\'94, it becomes again equal to ~2.7.
\f3 \cf3 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
L 141 - 144: In addition, although 
\f1 \cf8 the theoretical upper limit on the energy of cosmic ray protons, the \'a0Greisen\'96Zatsepin\'96Kuzmin (GZK) limit, is equal to
\b  
\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 5
\f4  X
\f1 10^19 eV (50 EeV), there are 
\b experiments
\b0 , which appear to have detected cosmic rays with energies higher than this limit. This fact poses an unsolved puzzle that needs to be investigated.\
\
\'97\'97> You have to give the references for these 
\b experiments
\b0 .\
\
L 145-146: also the propagation of cosmic rays. \'97\'97> and their propagation.\
\

\f3 \cf3 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
L 147:\
- 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Our earth \'97> Earth\
- earth \'97> Earth\'92s\

\f3 \cf3 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
L 148: \
- 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ground based cosmic rays measurements\'97> ground based cosmic ray experiments\
- cascaded \'97> cascades of cosmic rays.\
\
L 149: \
- atmosphere. \'97> the atmosphere.\
- AMS-02 \'97> The AMS-02\
\
L 150: which is at around 417 km height \'97> 
\f3 \cf9 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
which maintains an orbit with an average\'a0
\b \cf10 altitude
\b0 \cf9 \'a0of 417 km\cf3 \
\
L 151: 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 without consideration of interactions with atmosphere. \'97> 
\f3 \cf3 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
avoiding their interactions with the atmosphere.\
\
L 153 - 154: are from \'85. \'97> are produced from the interactions between the primary cosmic rays and 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the interstellar medium.
\f3 \cf3 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
L 154 - 155: \
- 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 have protons,  electrons, He et al. Secondary cosmic rays have positrons, antiprotons, Li, Be et al. \'97> mainly comprise protons,\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 electrons and He, while  secondary cosmic rays consist of mainly positrons, antiprotons, Li and Be.
\f3 \cf3 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \'97\'97> Do not use \'93et al.\'94 like that. You may just write more elements/components of the primary and secondary cosmic rays.\
\
L 156 -157: 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 For primary cosmic rays, ~89% are protons, 10% are helium nuclei and around 1% are heavy elements.
\f3 \cf3 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
L 158:\
- rays \'97> ray\
- given \'97> shown.\
\
L 160: remove the \'93 are\'94.\
\
L 161 - 162: \cf0 the cosmic ray components fluxes have been measured in a large range.  \'97> the fluxes  of cosmic ray components have been measured for a large energy range.\
\
L 163: \
\cf3 - \cf0 the galactic cosmic rays abundances compared with solar system ones \'97\'97> the abundances of the galactic cosmic rays (GCR) arriving near Earth compared to the ones of the solar system \
\'97\'97> again, write more things in the caption of the Figure 2.2 and add the reference of where you found this plot. Explain what you show.\
\
\cf3 L 164 -165: \cf0 the matching between galactic cosmic rays and abundance in solar system is very good. \'97> there is good agreement between these two kinds of abundances.\
\cf3 \
L 165: The reduced abundance of the galactic cosmic hydrogen and helium is due to the effects of the solar magnetic field.\
\
L 166- 167:  \cf0 Because the spallation and interaction reactions in cosmic rays, the CNO nuclei would break into lower mass element \'97> \cf3 Due to the spallation and interactions of the cosmic rays, the C, N and O nuclei would break into elements of lower mass, \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
L 167 - 168: \'97> I dont really see in this plot the smaller abundance for C and N in GCR\'85.please cross check this again and complete the sentence accordingly.\
- \cf0 This explains the over-abundance of Li, Be  and B and less abundance of CNO in cosmic rays compared to solar system. \'97\'97>  This fact explains the higher abundances of Li, Be  and B in the GCR.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2.2. Source of cosmic rays\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf3 \
L 170: \
- \cf0 remnant (SNR) \'97> remnants (SNRs)\cf3 \
-  sources \'97> source\
\
L 173: \
- \cf0 matters \'97> matter\
- precisely measuring cosmic ray flux certainly is \'97\'97>  a high precision measurement of the cosmic ray flux is certainly a probe\
\
L 176 - 178: \
- mechanisms of supernova \'97> mechanisms of supernova creation [9]: a) a white dwarf reaches the Chandrasekhar mass limit and a nuclear fusion is triggered, and b) a massive star undergoes gravitational core collapse.\
\
L 178 - 182: During a supernova explosion, matter is ejected and accelerated at velocities of a few percent of the speed of light. As the ejected material travels faster than the speed of sound in the ISM it creates an expanding shock wave that sweeps up the interstellar material of gas and dust creating a "supernova remnant" [\cf4 10\cf0 ].\
\
\'97\'97> Sichen: Keep in mind that the plasma temperature of millions of Kelvin applies during the explosion; here you want to explain what an SNR is.\
\
L 183 -184: In this process, charged particles gain energy and be accelerated\'97\'97> They gain energy and are accelerated\
\
L 185: are large \'97> is large\
\
L 187: \
- front shock \'97> shock front\
\cf3 - \cf0 and gain energy \'97> gaining energy\
\
- L 190: Remove \'93in cosmic ray spectrum.\'94.\
\
- \cf3 L 191: \
- SNR \'97>SNRs\
- \cf0 contribute \'97> produce\
\
\'97\'97> You could have written more things about what a pulsar is. For example you say nothing about the electromagnetic radiation that it emits which is a very important feature of the pulsars.\
You also have to explain better what is the PWN.\
\
L 192 - 194: A pulsar wind nebula (PWN) is usually formed around a pulsar within the shell of a supernova remnant, where electrons and positrons can be produced by pair production [13,14].\
\
L 194 -197: The shock of the PWN with the surrounding matter can accelerate, through centrifugal acceleration, these charged particles to very high energies. This effect results in an important contribution to the cosmic electron and positron spectra in the high energy range.\
\
L 198: Add a full stop after [17, 18] and start a new sentence.\
\
 L 199 - 200: Therefore, the contribution of cosmic antiprotons to the cosmic ray spectrum, can only result from the interactions between the primary cosmic rays and the ISM.\
\
L 200 - 201: If an excess in the cosmic antirpoton component is ever observed, different sources of antiproton production, like dark matter should be investigated.\
\
L 201: So in general \'97> Therefore \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2.3. Propagations  \
2.3.1. Cosmic ray propagating in the galaxy\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 L 203: Propagations \'97> Propagation\
\
L 204: ray \'97> rays\
\
L 206: with ISM, this produce secondary cosmic rays. \'97> with the ISM producing secondary cosmic rays.\
\
L 207: Positron and electron \'97> Positrons and electrons\
\
L 208: \
- Due to the charge of cosmic rays, they are scattered \'97> Due to their charge, cosmic rays  are scattered\cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 - \cf0 the magneto-hydrodynamic waves, \'97\'97> the magneto-hydrodynamic (MHD) waves,\cf3 \
\
L 209: \
- so their trajectory is deflected from a staight line.\
- Remove the \'93\cf0 In big picture,\cf3 \'94\
\
L 210-211: The effects of this diffusion, as well as other physical effects can be quantitatively described by the transport equation\
\
L 212: where,  the\'97> where\
\
L 212 -213: The terms of the equation describe different physical processes and are explained here:\
\
L 214: \cf0 , this include \'97> that includes\cf3 \
\
L 215: \cf0 process. \'97> processes.\
\
L 216: \
- , which shows \'97> that describes\
- with \'97> off\
\
L 218: The galactic wave bring an additional \'97> The galactic winds cause an additional\
\
\cf3 L 221 -223: charged particles traveling in MHD waves undergo \cf0 stochastic re-acceleration that can be described by the momentum diffusion coefficient.\cf3 \
\
L 224 -225: \cf0 this term is the result from inhomogeneous gas with magnetic field scattering the cosmic rays.  \'97\'97> caused by scattering off inhomogeneities of the magnetic field.\
\
L 226: are time scale \'97> are the time scales\
\
L 227: \
- Foe \'97> For\
-  Remove the \'93dedicatedly\'94\
- this lead \'97> leading\
\
L 228: Remove the \'93different\'94\
\
L 229:\
- calculation is \'97> calculations are\
- appproach \'97> approaches.\
\
L 230: Specifically, some software tools are widely used to get the solution, like  \'97>  Software numerical tools that are widely used to obtain the solution of the transport equation are the following: GALPROP [\cf4 23\cf0 ] ,  USINE [\cf4 24\cf0 ]  and DRAGON [\cf4 25\cf0 ] .\
\
232 - 234: Alternatively, it is possible to solve simplified approximations of Eq. 2.1. Using the basic assumption that the galaxy is a box where particles can freely propagate while undergoing only elastic scattering, the transport equation can be simplified as:\
\
Equation (2.2) : You have to define/explain all the terms in this equation. \
Moreover you have to explain better what the \uc0\u964 _esc is. The phrase \'93is escape time which represents the constant escape probability.\'94 is not clear at all. You probably mean that it is the escape time of cosmic rays from the Galaxy.\
\
L 235: This \'97> This simplified approximation \
\
L 236: \
- Leaky box model \'97\'97> the Leaky-Box model \
- Give a reference for the Leaky-Box model.\
- the solution of the equation \'97\'97> its solution is\
	- Give the solution as a separate equation like the Eq. 2.2, and not inside the text.\
\
\
Why do you use one common title for a double figure and then write separate captions for (a) and (b)?\
It is better to do it like that:\
Figure 2.3: (a) Diagram of the heliosphere, (b) Particle rate detected by Voyager 1 (from October 2011 through October 2012). [\cf4 31\cf0 ]\
\
L 238 - 247: This whole paragraph has mistakes and wrong information and some sentences make no sense. I give it a try here to write what you already have in a different way but you should add and explain more things and in a more clear way.\
You do not really explain what is the Heliosphere (what you write is wrong).\
\
The sun is continuously ejecting from its upper atmosphere a stream of charged particles  which form the solar wind. The solar wind plasma drags outwards the solar magnetic field forming the heliospheric magnetic field (HMF).\
The charged particles of the solar wind reach speeds of around 400 km/s, meaning they are faster than the speed of the magnetosonic wave, therefore they are supersonic. After traveling for some distance and encountering the interstellar medium, the speed of the solar wind abruptly decelerates and becomes subsonic at the termination shock. Figure 2.3 (a) shows a diagram of the heliosphere. The Voyager 1 probe became the first spacecraft to cross the termination shock in 2004 and later in 2012 to encounter the \cf8 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
heliopause\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 . As shown in Figure 2.3(b), the solar wind particles rate dramatically decreases after reaching the outer border of the heliosphere.\
\
L 249: first \'97\'97> first before reaching Earth.\
\
L 249 -250: Due to the 22-year cycle of the Sun\'92s activity, and as the solar wind is emitted from the Sun\'92s corona, the physical status of the heliosphere also varies following this cycle.\
\
\
\
L 250 - 252: After entering the heliosphere, the galactic cosmic rays are modulated accordingly and therefore they exhibit a variation that follows the solar cycle.\
\'97\'97\'97> Try to explain in more details the solar cycle and the solar modulation. This is important as you study this effect in your analysis.\
\
L 252: \
- cycle is counted from 1755 \'97> cycles have been counted since 1755\
- now we are in the beginning of solar cycle 25\'97> now we are in solar cycle 25.\
\
Figure 2.4: Write more things in the caption explaining what you show. The caption you have now should be replaced. \
\cf3 \
L 254: Name the experiments whose results you show. Moreover Figure 2.4 does not only show neutron counts but it also shows the monthly mean number of sunspots for six cycles.\
\
L 255: \cf0 correspondent \'97> correlated \cf3 \
\
L 256 - 257: By measuring the cosmic ray flux over a long period of time, the impact of the solar activity can be studied.\
\
L 257 - 259: Until recently, the only continuous cosmic ray flux measurements over a long period of time have been performed only for the dominant components of the cosmic spectrum like protons or neutrons produced in cascades in the Earth\'92s atmosphere. \
\
L 259 -260: There is no continuous measurement about rare cosmic ray components like the antiproton.\
\
L 260: AMS-02 \'97> the AMS-02\
\
L 261: \cf0 result is possible to achieve \'97\'97>  flux measurement can be achieved.\
\
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0  2.4. Cosmic antiprotons measurement\cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf3 \
L 263 - 264: Cosmic rays were discovered in 1912, the antiproton was discovered in 1955 and the first \cf0 measurements of the cosmic antiproton component were performed in 1979, when two pioneering \'85.\
\
\cf3 L 267: What do you mean by this \'93\cf0 the residual air was 11 g/cm2\cf3 \'94 ??? why is this important to mention?  explain better because as it is written now it makes no sense.\
\
L 267 - 268: Start a new sentence here:\
The result showed two candidates of cosmic antiprotons in the kinetic energy range of 2-5 GeV.\
\
L 269 -270: \cf0 The second one was carried out by R. L. Golden et al. in Palestine and Texas (???) and the data taking was from June 21 to June 22 1979.\
\cf3 \
L 270: \'93\cf0 the residual air in this area was 5.4 g/cm2\'94: \cf3 again same comment as earlier about this residual air blabla\'85.\
\
L 272: GV \'97> Is this GV or GeV? If it is GV say that they measured the rigidity.\
\
Figure 2.5: Edit the captions again. You should not just say for example for the (a) \'93The ballon flight\'85.\'94 but say what the Figure shows (by the way the plot is not clear at all, make it larger or find a better one).\
Same comment applies for Figure 2.5 (b).\
\
L 273: \cf0 cosmic rays experiments \'97> cosmic ray experiments\cf3 \
\
L 274: program \'97> project\
\
L 275: \'93 \cf0 incarnation program\'94 ???? what do you mean here? what is this incarnation program???\cf3 \
\
L 276: Remove \'93the two\'94.\
\
L 277: Specify what did they measure? Do not just say \'93they measured antiprotons\'94. It seems they measured  the Rigidity of certain candidates.\
\
L 278 -279: \
- \cf0 to Jan 2008, which was correspondent to a solar minimum, and report measurement \'97> to Jan 2008 (a period corresponding to a  solar minimum) and reported the measurement\cf3 \
- kinetic \'97> the kinetic\
\
L 280: Define/explain what is \'93TOF Beta\'94 (i.e explain the abbreviation of TOF and that Beta is velocity bla bla bla).\
\
L 281: \'93Rigidity space\'94??? What is this \'93space\'94?\
\
Figure 2.6: Expand the caption text. \
\
L 282: \
- height \'97> limited height\
- balloon \'97> the balloon\
- residual \'97> the residual\
\
\
\
L 283: Remove the \'93into \cf0 calculation\'94 and finish here this sentence with a full stop.\
\'97> explain more , as I said earlier, what is  this residual air and why it plays an important role and why it should be considered.\
\cf3 \
L 283 - 284: The complications that the residual air creates can be overcome if a spectrometer is placed in space where the residual air is negligible (or non-existant?).\
\
L 285: was \cf0 from PAMELA \'97> was performed by the PAMELA detector.\
\'97\'97> Give a reference of the PAMELA detector\
\
\cf3 L 285: \cf0 PAMELA mission was from \'97> PAMELA\'92s mission lasted from \cf3 \
\
L 286: \
- \cf0 2016, the float altitude \'97> 2016 at a float altitude between\
\
L 286 - 287: The orbital period of the host satellite Resurs-DK1 was 94 min.\
\
L 288: , the measured energy \'97> with a maximum measured energy of 350 GeV.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 L 290: in high \'97> in the high\
\'97> You have to show PAMELA\'92s result to justify what you\'92re describing here.\
\
L 291: AMS-02\'97>the AMS-02\
\
L 292: cosmic antiprotons extending the measured rigidity range up to 450 GV using cosmic ray data collected during the first four years of its operation.\
\
L 293: \
- AMS-02\'97>the AMS-02\
- next \'97> the next\
\
\
}